notes/todo.md, before:

Exploration
---
[X] Ask professor on ambiguity on passing arrays as arguments

Development
---
[X] Build symbol table structure
[X] Migrate old symbol table
[X] Move var symgen to codegen

[X] Single dimension array in global scope (40%)
    [X] Array initialisation
        [X] Lexing
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Symgen
        [X] Without initial value
        [X] With initial value
    [X] Array invokation
        [X] Lexing
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Symlookup
        [X] Assignment (pop)
        [X] Use (push)
[X] Multi-dimension array (10%)
    [X] Array initialisation
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Introducing ari()
        [X] Refactoring opr(ARRAY)
    [X] Array invokation
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Refactoring varlookup
    [X] geti, getc, gets n-d array support
    [X] Multiple array declaration per line
    [X] Check array dimension during invokation
[X] Functions decl and calls with no array as param (60%)
    [X] Function declaration site
        [X] Delayed emission (sprintf to two buffers)
        [X] Lexing and parsing
        [X] Code gen
            [X] Label shenanigans
            [X] Function symtable entry - name and params
            [X] Function body code gen
                [X] Scope activation and deactivation
                [X] varlookup & arr_symgen refactoring to support local scopes
                    [X] Create return structs for searchVarTable and searchPrmTable
                    [X] Local variable symtable entries
                    [X] arr_symgen refactoring
                    [X] varlookup emits full register
                    [X] varlookup consumer refactoring to take register
                [X] "var" generation and WIP buffer emission
                [X] Output buffer switching depending on scope
                [X] Return behaviour (including ret with optional return value)
                    [X] Lexing and parsing
                    [X] Codegen
            [X] Global variables denoted with "@"
                [X] No need to search global table in local scope by default
            [X] Store label info in function table
            [X] Expect global addresses for all array params (10%)
    [X] Function calling site
        [X] Lexing and parsing
        [X] Codegen
            [X] Pass global address for all array params (10%)
[X] Global stack pointer dynamic allocation
[X] Test suite
    [X] Normal programs
[ ] Runtime checks
    [X] Add runtime error message labels
    [X] Check runtime division by zero
    [ ] Check in-scope out-of-bound array access
    [ ] Check pass-by-ref out-of-bound array access
    [ ] Check dimension of pass-by-ref arrays during invokation
[ ] Support for n-d arrays as arguments using stack mirroring

Commit message:

caller array info pushing and teardown done

notes/todo.md, after:

Exploration
---
[X] Ask professor on ambiguity on passing arrays as arguments

Development
---
[X] Build symbol table structure
[X] Migrate old symbol table
[X] Move var symgen to codegen

[X] Single dimension array in global scope (40%)
    [X] Array initialisation
        [X] Lexing
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Symgen
        [X] Without initial value
        [X] With initial value
    [X] Array invokation
        [X] Lexing
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Symlookup
        [X] Assignment (pop)
        [X] Use (push)
[X] Multi-dimension array (10%)
    [X] Array initialisation
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Introducing ari()
        [X] Refactoring opr(ARRAY)
    [X] Array invokation
        [X] Parsing
        [X] Refactoring varlookup
    [X] geti, getc, gets n-d array support
    [X] Multiple array declaration per line
    [X] Check array dimension during invokation
[X] Functions decl and calls with no array as param (60%)
    [X] Function declaration site
        [X] Delayed emission (sprintf to two buffers)
        [X] Lexing and parsing
        [X] Code gen
            [X] Label shenanigans
            [X] Function symtable entry - name and params
            [X] Function body code gen
                [X] Scope activation and deactivation
                [X] varlookup & arr_symgen refactoring to support local scopes
                    [X] Create return structs for searchVarTable and searchPrmTable
                    [X] Local variable symtable entries
                    [X] arr_symgen refactoring
                    [X] varlookup emits full register
                    [X] varlookup consumer refactoring to take register
                [X] "var" generation and WIP buffer emission
                [X] Output buffer switching depending on scope
                [X] Return behaviour (including ret with optional return value)
                    [X] Lexing and parsing
                    [X] Codegen
            [X] Global variables denoted with "@"
                [X] No need to search global table in local scope by default
            [X] Store label info in function table
            [X] Expect global addresses for all array params (10%)
    [X] Function calling site
        [X] Lexing and parsing
        [X] Codegen
            [X] Pass global address for all array params (10%)
[X] Global stack pointer dynamic allocation
[X] Test suite
    [X] Normal programs
[ ] Runtime checks
    [X] Add runtime error message labels
    [X] Check runtime division by zero
    [X] Check in-scope out-of-bound array access
    [X] Caller array info pushing
        [X] In-scope (direct pushing)
            [X] Global scope
            [X] Local scope
        [X] By-ref (popping and pushing)
        [X] Stack teardown after call
    [ ] Check pass-by-ref out-of-bound array access
    [ ] Check dimension of pass-by-ref arrays during invokation
    [ ] Support for n-d arrays as arguments using stack mirroring
